Use updated link to Extensions Docs (#472)
rancher/rancher-docs: docs/integrations-in-rancher/rancher-extensions.md

## Developing Extensions

> To learn how to develop your own extensions, refer to the [UI DevKit Documentation](https://rancher.github.io/dashboard/extensions/extensions-getting-started).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To learn how to develop your own extensions, refer to the official [Getting Started](https://rancher.github.io/dashboard/extensions/extensions-getting-started) guide.
```
Updating link text to match title of linked page

Reviewer: I also tested the link in a preview build and it works correctly.
